Companies that develop and build applications
running in the Cloud will need to ensure that teams are
trained in all aspects of Cloud architecture and engineering, especially Cloud security.
Developers and architects will all be responsible for ensuring that
Cloud services they use are designed and developed with security in mind.
DevOps engineers will need to ensure that security is
introduced into the infrastructure build pipeline,
early on, and that Cloud environments remain secure post-production.
Information security teams that are seasoned in securing systems will also
benefit from being aware of Cloud-specific security capabilities and architecture.